Add more information on DB permissions (#398)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/doc/addons/redis.md

By default, the eviction policy is `noeviction`. If you plan to use Redis as a LRU cache,
please contact the support to change its policy.

## 🔑 Rights and permissions

> Add-ons are managed services, meaning that users have **standard access** to the database. Some operations like database and user creation, as well as some settings modifications aren't available by default. This ensures optimal performances and security for managed services as configured by Clever Cloud.

Reviewer: We could rework this phrase as it's less relevant for Redis
```suggestion
Add-ons are managed services, meaning that users have a **controlled access** to the server. They can access to all  proposed operations except changing the server configuration. Based on the plan, they can accessed to a fix amount of databases. This ensures optimal performances and security for managed services as configured by Clever Cloud.
```

If you think your system might require more advanced administrative access, [contact Clever Cloud support](https://console.clever-cloud.com/ticket-center-choice) to explain your use case and we will work with you to find a solution.

Here is the list of actions that you won't be able to perform:

> - Database administration (for example you won't be able to create new databases).

Reviewer: We can skip this as Redis Database administration is done threw the configuration file

- Server configuration update.
- Modules installation
- Back-up frequency or retention control.

Ask Clever Cloud support if you want to perform one of these actions.

Authorized actions:

> - Access one or more databases depending on you plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access to one or more databases depending on you plan
```

> - Manage tables (create, delete...)

Reviewer: No tables on Redis, maybe to change to 
- Access to all Redis operations except `CONFIG` and `CLUSTER`
